The PEP8 document seemed to be a straightforward attempt at standardizing Python
code for the diverse Python programming community. Most topics appeared to apply
to all Python programmers, with the only exception applying to non-English
speakers ("...please write your comments in English, unless you are 120% sure
that the code will never be read by people who don't speak your language."). It
makes sense to try and standardize how code is written, as it will allow for
code to be more easily implemented on different systems at different times. The
one caveat to this would be if the standard changes dramatically over what is
perceived to be a short period of time. Hopefully, PEP8 will be with us for the
next decade or more.

There was quite a bit in the document that I didn't understand, and thus was not
very informative (well, outside of the notion that I was informed about that of
which I do not know). However, there was quite a bit that I found helpful. With
reference to spaces, I had been using the tab key to indent, but I discovered
that, "Spaces are the preferred indentation method." Also, I had been using
spaces throughout operations with multiple operators, but discovered that spaces should only go around the operators with the lowest priority (eg. c = (a+b) * (a-b).
I also learned that function names should use an underscore to separate words in
the function name (and have updated my mysteryWord functions as such).

There was a thing or two that struck me as odd. For instance, the naming
conventions seemed to be very broad (I believe it used the phrase "a bit of a
mess"). I would certainly vote for removing naming styles such as
"UPPER_CASE_WITH_UNDERSCORES" or "Capitalized_Words_With_Underscores", as they
are unpleasant to look at. Also, "Comments should be complete sentences." I know
I'm going to have trouble with this one...
